update Salesforce deprecation date (#4753)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/salesforce/index.md

private: true
---
> warning "Deprecation Notice"

> > Due to Salesforce retiring certain APIs in the summer of 2025, Segment is deprecating this destination. During the week of April 24, 2023, Segment will create an instance of the [Salesforce (Actions)](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-salesforce/) destination for each version of the Salesforce classic destination in your workspace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Due to Salesforce retiring certain APIs in the summer of 2025, Segment is deprecating this destination. During the week of April 24, 2023, Segment created an instance of the [Salesforce (Actions)](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-salesforce/) destination for each version of the Salesforce classic destination in your workspace. 
```
